[ENGINE]

graphics via BlitSurface / ScaleSurface
per-pixel collision via http://www.sdltutorials.com/sdl-per-pixel-collision
	(ctrl + f "bulk of our per pixel collision")

Note comment:

Are you aware that your program only works for you, because your pc 
doesn't support Hwsurface? Actually hwsurface means that the picture 
is stored in the video memory, so you can't just access its pixels, 
because the pixel array doesn't even exist the way you want to use it
. You'd have to call SDL_LockSurface() to make your picture copied 
from hardware memory to system memory which makes you able to access 
it's pixels. If you run this program with some memory checking 
library (eg. Valgrind) it will error: "Invalid read of size 4" 
because you are accessing memory, that's not yours.

Also its a good idea to set an accuracy for the collision detection 
rather than always checking every pixel. I mean, at real games, you 
barely ever need pure check, even checking every fourth pixel by the 
x and the y coordinates turn out to have the exact same result for 
human eyes, yet it makes collision detecion 16 times faster(and it 
counts a lot as low level access is really slow).

solution to the above: keep a copy of the sprite pixels surface in memory so we
can always access it, while we have another which is hwsurface (or not, as the
machine may or may not allow it and hence both will be swsurface, stored in RAM)

(actually, can we detect if hwsurface is supported? it seems annoying and costly
to duplicate all sprites into memory if hwsurface isn't supported)

Note from stack overflow:

https://gamedev.stackexchange.com/questions/30866/collision-detection-with-non-rectangular-images

use collision *points*. So when two entity boxes overlap, check through the 8 or
so collision points for each of them and consider a collision to have occurred if
and only if the collision point for one of them is positioned over a pixel with 
alpha in the other sprite



[BUILD]

add comments to generated files

write func to detect if data type is primitive value or struct/map/slice

require copy function to be defined if not primtive value

copy function to be integrated into SafeGet() if needed for type

if component type is struct, find struct def in file named via camel to underscore conversion .go

copy struct-defining file into output dir, with all instances of "engine." elided, import of engine removed, and package changed to engine

verify output is all good and won't clobber anything - then set to output to engine dir
